c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\Garabed_DerHohannesian.dll.config
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\Garabed_DerHohannesian.dll
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\Garabed_DerHohannesian.pdb
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\obj\Debug\Garabed_DerHohannesian.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\obj\Debug\Garabed_DerHohannesian.dll
c:\users\dwightnorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\obj\Debug\Garabed_DerHohannesian.pdb
C:\Users\DwightNorris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Garabed_DerHohannesian\Garabed_DerHohannesian\bin\Facebook.CSSLayout.dll
